Welcome - Peter Attia
Start Here
Menu
Book
Podcast
Show Notes
Ask Me Anything (AMA) Episodes
The Qualys
Newsletter
Weekly Newsletter
Premium Articles
Topics
Exercise
Risks
Sleep
Nutrition
Heart Disease Prevention
Zone 2 Training
Insulin Resistance
High Blood Pressure
Body Composition & DEXA
View All Topics
About
Media Appearances
Speaking Inquiries
Disclosures
Early
Membership
Start Here
Login
Search for:
Search
Login
Welcome
Who I am
I am a physician focusing on the applied science of longevity.
My practice deals extensively with nutritional interventions, exercise physiology, sleep physiology, emotional and mental health, and pharmacology to increase lifespan (delay the onset of chronic disease), while simultaneously improving healthspan (quality of life).
You can
learn more about my background and experience
, or watch as I explain my framework for longevity in the video below.
★
★
★
★
★
Not lame!
Peter happens to be one of the most interesting people I’ve ever heard. Since listening to him on Joe Rogan podcast, and subscribing to his newsletter, I’ve never once been disappointed or bored with his Content. I look forward to this podcast to being just like everything else he does, precise, informative, and most of all not lame.
Chaideezy
via Apple Podcasts
★
★
★
★
★
Smart and humble
Being a medical provider myself, I like that his blog is research driven, always backing up his knowledge with facts. Very Smart, leads active lifestyle, seeks longevity medicine, biohacker, and simply a “cool” person.
lesmithpac
via Apple Podcasts
“Love the podcast. Thanks for not dumbing it down and for the brilliant show notes. It’s invigorating to hear such passionate, well informed discussions about preventative medicine.”
@ragofurself
“Loved the podcast! Fantastic insight and perspective from a truly great individual. Thanks for the great listen @peterattiamd.”
@biglugowski
“Thank you so much for all the hard work you put into the podcast. It truly means a lot and has had a tremendous impact on my life. I really appreciate it!!!”
@stonehames
Become a Member to Receive Exclusive Content
This website,
my podcast
, and my
weekly email newsletter
all focus on translating the
science of longevity
into something accessible, digestible, and actionable for everyone.
It is extremely important to me to provide all of this
without relying on paid advertising
. To do this, our work is made entirely possible by our members, and in return, we offer exclusive content and benefits above and beyond what is available for free.
Members get access to our full
back catalog of ‘Ask Me Anything’ (AMA) podcasts
, plus all future AMA episodes (released monthly), comprehensive show notes for every podcast expisode, exclusive discounts on products I believe in, and more.
Learn More About Member Benefits
Looking for more information about a specific topic?
What started as a small, weekly email to a handful of friends in 2010 quickly grew into a far larger mailing list including friends of friends, and eventually complete strangers. In 2011 I started sharing what I was learning on my old blog at EatingAcademy.com.
Today, what began as a personal blog about nutrition has grown into the site you see here: An ever-expanding hub of content on exercise, nutrition, metabolic disease, and all other topics related to the science of longevity.
I’ve written and interviewed experts about topics I get asked about a lot. These include exercise, nutrition, metabolic disease, ketosis, cholesterol, lipidology, and more. If you’re interested in a topic and want to learn (a lot) more, you can dive straight in. If you are looking for something more specific, we built a detailed
index page
to organize the various podcast episodes, articles, weekly emails, and research to help you find more information on a given subject.
Exercise for Longevity
Disease Prevention
Stability Training
Zone 5 Training
Strength Training
Zone 2 Training
Behavior Change
Body Composition
Cognitive Health
High Blood Pressure
Insulin Resistance
Nutritional Biochemistry
Centenarians
Sleep
Cardiovascular Disease
Cancer
Mental & Emotional Health
Fasting
About Peter
New to this, or just getting started?
If you’re new to the field of longevity, you’re in the right place. The best way to learn about the science, start to understand how you can optimize your own life, and stay up to date with the latest research is to subscribe to my newsletter, and listen to my podcast.
Sign up to receive my expertise in your inbox
Sign up to receive the 5 tactics in my Longevity Toolkit, followed by non-lame, weekly emails on the latest strategies and tactics for increasing your lifespan, healthspan, and well-being (plus new podcast announcements).
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Listen to my podcast
I created the podcast because I found myself having in-depth conversations with experts from a variety of fields that I wished I could share with others. The result is
The Drive
: A podcast dedicated to providing you with trusted advice and insight on optimizing all aspects of physical performance and health, longevity science, critical thinking, mental health, and life, in general (although we may mix in discussion on F1, watches, and pens along the way).
You can
subscribe directly
, or start by listening to some of the most popular episodes:
#202 – Peter on nutrition, disease prevention, sleep, and more — looking back on the last 100 episodes
“
I really think that in 10 years we’re going to basically be using designer-based immunotherapies to eradicate most solid organ metastatic cancers.
” —Peter Attia
#87 – Rick Johnson, M.D.: Metabolic Effects of Fructose
“Fructose turns out to be used by animals as a mechanism to store fat.”
— Rick Johnson
#85 – Iñigo San Millán, Ph.D.: Zone 2 Training and Metabolic Health
“What I have been seeing for 25 years, working with elite athletes, is that [zone 2] is the exercise intensity where I see the biggest improvement in fat burning and the biggest improvement in lactic clearance capacity. Therefore, that means that the mitochondria is where you see the biggest improvement.” —Iñigo  San Millán, Ph.D.
#47 – Matthew Walker, Ph.D., on sleep – Part I of III: Dangers of poor sleep, Alzheimer’s risk, mental health, memory consolidation, and more
“I think that sleep may be one of the most significant lifestyle factors that determines your risk ratio for Alzheimer’s disease.”
— Matthew Walker
Listen to the podcast
Peter Attia is a physician focusing on the applied science of longevity.
Sign up for updates
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Comments
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Content
Start Here
Articles
Newsletter
Podcast
Membership
Give a Gift Membership
Peter
About
Speaking Inquiries
Media Appearances
Contact
Egg Boxing
Understanding Longevity
Connect
Apple Podcasts
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
Copyright © 2012–2024 PA IP, LLC. All rights reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Do Not Share My Personal Information
×
Comments are welcomed and encouraged. The purpose of comments on our site is to expand knowledge, engage in thoughtful discussion, and learn more from readers.

Criticism and skepticism can be far more useful than praise and unflinching belief.

There’s an
art and science to critical thinking
and how to conduct yourself. There’s a
multitude of fallacious appeals
we could spell out, but a good rule of thumb is not to attack the person, attack the ideas. Don’t look for the flaws in the person, look for the flaws in the hypothesis. Let’s keep the brawling to
movies depicting minor league hockey teams
and political “news” shows.

Thank you for adding to the discussion.
Comment policy
Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:
Comments deemed to be spam or solely promotional in nature will be deleted. Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topic.
Comments including unnecessary profanity will be deleted.
Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted. Note this may include abusive, threatening, pornographic, offensive, misleading or libelous language.
Comments that attack an individual directly will be deleted.
Comments that harass other posters will be deleted. Please be respectful toward other contributors.
Anonymous comments will be deleted. We only accept comment from posters who identify themselves.
Comments requesting medical advice will not be responded to, as I am not legally permitted to practice medicine over the internet.
The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to the blog without notice. This comment policy is subject to change at any time.
×
Login
Username or E-mail
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Password
×
Introduction to My Longevity Tactics
Sign-up (free) to receive the
5 Tactics in my Longevity Toolkit
delivered by email as a 5-day course.
You’ll also receive:
Non-lame, weekly emails on the latest strategies and tactics for increasing your lifespan, healthspan, and well-being (plus new podcast announcements).
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
Pinterest icon
Google+ icon
YouTube icon
LinkedIn icon
Contact icon