The Qualys Podcast - Peter Attia
Start Here
Menu
Book
Podcast
Show Notes
Ask Me Anything (AMA) Episodes
The Qualys
Newsletter
Weekly Newsletter
Premium Articles
Topics
Exercise
Risks
Sleep
Nutrition
Heart Disease Prevention
Zone 2 Training
Insulin Resistance
High Blood Pressure
Body Composition & DEXA
View All Topics
About
Media Appearances
Speaking Inquiries
Disclosures
Early
Membership
Start Here
Login
Search for:
Search
Login
The Qualys Podcast
The Qualys
is a subscriber-exclusive podcast, released Tuesday through Friday, and published exclusively on our private, subscriber-only podcast feed.
Qualys
is short-hand for “qualifying round,” which  are typically the fastest laps driven in a race car—done  before the race to determine starting position on the grid for race day.
The Qualys
are short (i.e., “fast”), typically less than ten minutes, and highlight the best questions, topics, and tactics discussed on
The Drive
.
Subscribe to
the Qualys
Get Access
A short intro from Peter about The Qualys
Featured Qualys
Qualys
How Alzheimer's disease is diagnosed
#18 – Richard Isaacson, M.D.: Alzheimer’s prevention
Qualys
My thoughts on alcohol consumption and health
#04 – AMA #1: alcohol, best lab tests, wearables, finding the right doc, racing, and more
Qualys
The 5 habits Tim Ferriss returns to most reliably
#01 – Tim Ferriss: depression, psychedelics, and emotional resilience
Qualys
The difference between glucose and fructose
#14 – Robert Lustig, M.D., M.S.L.: fructose, processed food, NAFLD, and changing the food system
Listen to more Qualys
In addition to The Qualys, subscribers also receive additional benefits:
Access to members-only Ask Me Anything (AMA) podcasts and AMA forum
You get access to the back catalogue of AMA podcasts, and all future AMA episodes. You’ll also get the ability to participate by submitting your questions via the AMA page for possible future episodes. Full AMA episodes will be released through the members-only podcast feed.
Comprehensive podcast show notes
We take extreme pride in detailing every topic, paper, person, and thing discussed in every episode of The Drive. This takes us a lot of time to produce, but there truly is no better way to take a deep dive into any of the topics we explore on the show.
Exclusive discount codes for products we believe in
I want my supporters to get the best deals out there on products I love. Although we do not take sponsorship money from anyone, we’re working closely with some products I love and buy myself to get exclusive members-only discounts. This allows us to take the money sponsors would have paid me, and pass that on as savings to you instead.
Exclusive private podcast feed
Subscribe to our members-only podcast feed in your favorite podcast player to get every episode of The Drive without the subscriber callout, plus full episodes of our monthly, members-only AMA podcasts, and other exclusive content.
Subscribe Now
Peter Attia is a physician focusing on the applied science of longevity.
Sign up for updates
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Name
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Content
Start Here
Articles
Newsletter
Podcast
Membership
Give a Gift Membership
Peter
About
Speaking Inquiries
Media Appearances
Contact
Egg Boxing
Understanding Longevity
Connect
Apple Podcasts
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
Copyright © 2012–2024 PA IP, LLC. All rights reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Do Not Share My Personal Information
×
Comments are welcomed and encouraged. The purpose of comments on our site is to expand knowledge, engage in thoughtful discussion, and learn more from readers.

Criticism and skepticism can be far more useful than praise and unflinching belief.

There’s an
art and science to critical thinking
and how to conduct yourself. There’s a
multitude of fallacious appeals
we could spell out, but a good rule of thumb is not to attack the person, attack the ideas. Don’t look for the flaws in the person, look for the flaws in the hypothesis. Let’s keep the brawling to
movies depicting minor league hockey teams
and political “news” shows.

Thank you for adding to the discussion.
Comment policy
Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:
Comments deemed to be spam or solely promotional in nature will be deleted. Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topic.
Comments including unnecessary profanity will be deleted.
Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted. Note this may include abusive, threatening, pornographic, offensive, misleading or libelous language.
Comments that attack an individual directly will be deleted.
Comments that harass other posters will be deleted. Please be respectful toward other contributors.
Anonymous comments will be deleted. We only accept comment from posters who identify themselves.
Comments requesting medical advice will not be responded to, as I am not legally permitted to practice medicine over the internet.
The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to the blog without notice. This comment policy is subject to change at any time.
×
Login
Username or E-mail
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Password
×
Introduction to My Longevity Tactics
Sign-up (free) to receive the
5 Tactics in my Longevity Toolkit
delivered by email as a 5-day course.
You’ll also receive:
Non-lame, weekly emails on the latest strategies and tactics for increasing your lifespan, healthspan, and well-being (plus new podcast announcements).
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
Pinterest icon
Google+ icon
YouTube icon
LinkedIn icon
Contact icon