Contact - Peter Attia
Start Here
Menu
Book
Podcast
Show Notes
Ask Me Anything (AMA) Episodes
The Qualys
Newsletter
Weekly Newsletter
Premium Articles
Topics
Exercise
Risks
Sleep
Nutrition
Heart Disease Prevention
Zone 2 Training
Insulin Resistance
High Blood Pressure
Body Composition & DEXA
View All Topics
About
Media Appearances
Speaking Inquiries
Disclosures
Early
Membership
Start Here
Login
Search for:
Search
Login
Contact
Medical advice
I will not respond to requests for medical advice, either as comments/questions on the blog, or direct messages to me, as I am not legally permitted to practice medicine over the interwebz. If I don’t see a person in the flesh, I can’t be his or her doctor over the ether.
Speaking inquiries
For media or speaking inquiries, please use
this form
.
Direct message to Peter Attia
Thank you for taking the time to visit my site. Despite my appreciation for connecting with individuals, given the sheer volume of inquiries I simply can’t respond to all questions, especially if you’re asking for medical advice or opinion (see above). But if you feel especially compelled to contact me, please use this
contact
form.
Questions or trouble with your subscription?
Please email billing [at] peterattiamd.com with any questions or issues that you have with your subscription.
Obligatory
disclaimer:
This blog is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute the practice of medicine, nursing or other professional health care services, including the giving of medical advice, and no doctor/patient relationship is formed. The use of information on this blog or materials linked from this blog is at the user’s own risk. The content of this blog is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Users should not disregard, or delay in obtaining, medical advice for any medical condition they may have, and should seek the assistance of their health care professionals for any such conditions.
Peter Attia is a physician focusing on the applied science of longevity.
Sign up for updates
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Content
Start Here
Articles
Newsletter
Podcast
Membership
Give a Gift Membership
Peter
About
Speaking Inquiries
Media Appearances
Contact
Egg Boxing
Understanding Longevity
Connect
Apple Podcasts
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
Copyright © 2012–2024 PA IP, LLC. All rights reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Do Not Share My Personal Information
×
Comments are welcomed and encouraged. The purpose of comments on our site is to expand knowledge, engage in thoughtful discussion, and learn more from readers.

Criticism and skepticism can be far more useful than praise and unflinching belief.

There’s an
art and science to critical thinking
and how to conduct yourself. There’s a
multitude of fallacious appeals
we could spell out, but a good rule of thumb is not to attack the person, attack the ideas. Don’t look for the flaws in the person, look for the flaws in the hypothesis. Let’s keep the brawling to
movies depicting minor league hockey teams
and political “news” shows.

Thank you for adding to the discussion.
Comment policy
Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:
Comments deemed to be spam or solely promotional in nature will be deleted. Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topic.
Comments including unnecessary profanity will be deleted.
Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted. Note this may include abusive, threatening, pornographic, offensive, misleading or libelous language.
Comments that attack an individual directly will be deleted.
Comments that harass other posters will be deleted. Please be respectful toward other contributors.
Anonymous comments will be deleted. We only accept comment from posters who identify themselves.
Comments requesting medical advice will not be responded to, as I am not legally permitted to practice medicine over the internet.
The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to the blog without notice. This comment policy is subject to change at any time.
×
Login
Username or E-mail
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Password
×
Introduction to My Longevity Tactics
Sign-up (free) to receive the
5 Tactics in my Longevity Toolkit
delivered by email as a 5-day course.
You’ll also receive:
Non-lame, weekly emails on the latest strategies and tactics for increasing your lifespan, healthspan, and well-being (plus new podcast announcements).
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
Pinterest icon
Google+ icon
YouTube icon
LinkedIn icon
Contact icon