Disclosures - Peter Attia
Start Here
Menu
Book
Podcast
Show Notes
Ask Me Anything (AMA) Episodes
The Qualys
Newsletter
Weekly Newsletter
Premium Articles
Topics
Exercise
Risks
Sleep
Nutrition
Heart Disease Prevention
Zone 2 Training
Insulin Resistance
High Blood Pressure
Body Composition & DEXA
View All Topics
About
Media Appearances
Speaking Inquiries
Disclosures
Early
Membership
Start Here
Login
Search for:
Search
Login
Disclosures
It is very important to me, as it has been from the moment I became a public figure, that all my potential conflicts are disclosed. I believe this is a practice that every person who is in a position of influence should adhere to, though sadly most do not.
I list my disclosures in two groups, with some overlap: (i) companies I have invested in, and (ii) companies I am currently advising or have previously advised.
(Note: this list does not include investments in companies that have no involvement whatsoever in my sphere of influence or line of work.)
Companies I have invested in
Athletic Greens
Big Sky Health
HumanCo Investments
Jocasta Neuroscience
Kai, LLC (dba Maui Nui Venison)
Kosterina
Linus Technology
LMNT
Magic Spoon
Moonwalk Biosciences
Oura Health Oy
Salutoceuticals
Supercast
Companies I advise
Present:
Linus Technology (David Protein) (July 2024 – Present)
Eight Sleep (April 2024 – Present)
LifeX (October 2023 – Present)
Biograph Scientific (September 2022 – Present)
Moonwalk Biosciences (August 2022 – Present)
Alpha Wave Global (January 2022 – Present)
Athletic Greens (September 2021 – Present)
Virta Health (August 2016 – Present)
Previous:
Big Sky Health (April 2018 – March 2023)
Oura Health Oy (January 2019 – January 2023)
Dexcom (September 2020 – Aug 2021)
This list is updated regularly.
In addition to providing this list, I’d like to address a few questions you may be reasonably asking.
Do you participate in affiliate marketing?
No, I do not engage in any affiliate (i.e., kickback) marketing
.
Under no circumstance have I ever or will I ever receive a direct financial kickback or “affiliate” payment for any product I discuss. Most of the time when I discuss a product that I have purchased, like, and use I have no association with the company. Instead, it is a genuine unprompted endorsement as I do not accept or invite ‘free products’ in exchange for reviews. And, again, I receive no kickback, if/even when it is offered following an unannounced endorsement.
Are you compensated for product endorsements?
No, I do not accept compensation for product endorsement.
Other times, I will talk about a product or service produced by a company in one of the two categories above. I still, under no circumstance, am separately compensated to do so, nor do I have commercial or contractual obligations to do so at my insistence. This includes declining any compensation that would create an incentive to be a “paid face” of an organization or brand.
Do you allow your name or image to be used by others?
Yes,  but under very limited circumstances. I do not allow third-party ads using my name, image, brand and likeness
I do not authorize or lend my name, image, brand, or likeness without explicit consent. My team is rigorous in pursuing legal action when we notice folks falsely using my name or my endorsement to directly promote sales via online ads. If you see anyone doing this, please
contact us
and let us know.
Do you sell ads to support your podcast?
No, my podcast is Ad-free
The only revenue generated from the podcast comes in the form of subscription via our members who receive additional benefits, beyond the free podcast, by subscribing. More on this can be found
here
.
Peter Attia is a physician focusing on the applied science of longevity.
Sign up for updates
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Content
Start Here
Articles
Newsletter
Podcast
Membership
Give a Gift Membership
Peter
About
Speaking Inquiries
Media Appearances
Contact
Egg Boxing
Understanding Longevity
Connect
Apple Podcasts
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
Copyright © 2012–2024 PA IP, LLC. All rights reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Do Not Share My Personal Information
×
Comments are welcomed and encouraged. The purpose of comments on our site is to expand knowledge, engage in thoughtful discussion, and learn more from readers.

Criticism and skepticism can be far more useful than praise and unflinching belief.

There’s an
art and science to critical thinking
and how to conduct yourself. There’s a
multitude of fallacious appeals
we could spell out, but a good rule of thumb is not to attack the person, attack the ideas. Don’t look for the flaws in the person, look for the flaws in the hypothesis. Let’s keep the brawling to
movies depicting minor league hockey teams
and political “news” shows.

Thank you for adding to the discussion.
Comment policy
Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:
Comments deemed to be spam or solely promotional in nature will be deleted. Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topic.
Comments including unnecessary profanity will be deleted.
Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted. Note this may include abusive, threatening, pornographic, offensive, misleading or libelous language.
Comments that attack an individual directly will be deleted.
Comments that harass other posters will be deleted. Please be respectful toward other contributors.
Anonymous comments will be deleted. We only accept comment from posters who identify themselves.
Comments requesting medical advice will not be responded to, as I am not legally permitted to practice medicine over the internet.
The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to the blog without notice. This comment policy is subject to change at any time.
×
Login
Username or E-mail
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Password
×
Introduction to My Longevity Tactics
Sign-up (free) to receive the
5 Tactics in my Longevity Toolkit
delivered by email as a 5-day course.
You’ll also receive:
Non-lame, weekly emails on the latest strategies and tactics for increasing your lifespan, healthspan, and well-being (plus new podcast announcements).
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
Pinterest icon
Google+ icon
YouTube icon
LinkedIn icon
Contact icon