Why body composition is more important than weight | Peter Attia, M.D.
Start Here
Menu
Book
Podcast
Show Notes
Ask Me Anything (AMA) Episodes
The Qualys
Newsletter
Weekly Newsletter
Premium Articles
Topics
Exercise
Risks
Sleep
Nutrition
Heart Disease Prevention
Zone 2 Training
Insulin Resistance
High Blood Pressure
Body Composition & DEXA
View All Topics
About
Media Appearances
Speaking Inquiries
Disclosures
Early
Membership
Start Here
Login
Search for:
Search
Login
Category
Body Composition & DEXA
Many of us use body weight or BMI (body mass index) for a quick approximation of our health status.
Yet the utility of these metrics is limited
because they provide little information about a far more relevant parameter: body composition – and in particular, body fat and its distribution. Body weight and BMI alone do not discriminate between
muscle mass
(which we want to maintain or increase to promote longevity) and
fat mass
(which we generally want to keep relatively low). Thus, when we set a goal to “lose weight,” our real aim ought to be losing fat.
Losing fat mass isn’t necessarily easy, but unfortunately, that struggle pales in comparison to the challenge of
keeping it off
. This is caused in large part by a
hormone called leptin
, which is secreted by fat cells and plays a critical role in numerous endocrine pathways and functions, including the regulation of energy homeostasis. Leptin is secreted at levels proportional to body fat and acts as a “satiety hormone” in the brain, causing a reduction in food intake. However, as leptin signaling decreases – due to fat loss or to key neurons becoming leptin-resistant – the brain interprets this as a sign of starvation, and drives increased appetite and reduced energy expenditure to counteract the loss.
The content selections below provide more information on the
accumulation and measurement of body fat
,
different types of fat and their relative impacts on health
, and
the effects of leptin on appetite and metabolism
.
Nutrition
Visceral Fat vs. Subcutaneous Fat — What’s the Difference?
This clip is from “Ask Me Anything” (AMA) episode #17, originally released on November 9, 2020. If you’re a member, you…
#324 ‒ Metabolism, energy balance, and aging: How diet, calorie restriction, and macronutrients influence longevity and metabolic health | Eric Ravussin, Ph.D.
“
I still believe that a nutritional approach to weight loss without physical activity or exercise prescribed is not a good strategy. We should implement both and try to have people enjoying the exercise.
” —Eric Ravussin
#320 – AMA 64: New insights on GLP-1 agonists (Ozempic, Wegovy, Mounjaro) – efficacy, benefits, risks, and considerations in the rapidly evolving weight-loss drug landscape
“If you’re taking these drugs, really, really pay attention to your protein consumption and your resistance training. . .that’s obviously going to be an important part of being on the right side of that body composition curve.”
— Peter Attia
#314 ‒ Rethinking nutrition science: the evolving landscape of obesity treatment, GLP-1 agonists, protein, and the need for higher research standards | David Allison, Ph.D.
“
I think we really need a radically different public health paradigm.
” —David Allison
#313 – AMA #62: Protein’s impact on appetite and weight management, and uric acid’s link to disease and how to manage levels
“
The body responds in pretty significant ways to alterations in protein availability.
” —Peter Attia
#306 – AMA #60: preventing cognitive decline, nutrition myths, lowering blood glucose, apoB, and blood pressure, and more
“
Metabolic health, first and foremost, is the goal of nutrition.
” —Peter Attia
Body composition: impact on disease risk and how to assess and improve it
A refresher on why you should care about body composition and a practical guide to determining and interpreting your measurements
Sign up to receive Peter's expertise in your inbox
Sign up to receive the 5 tactics in my Longevity Toolkit, followed by non-lame, weekly emails on the latest strategies and tactics for increasing your lifespan, healthspan, and well-being (plus new podcast announcements).
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
#299 ‒ Optimizing muscle protein synthesis: the crucial impact of protein quality and quantity, and the key role of resistance training | Luc van Loon, Ph.D.
“It’s the exercise that makes you respond way more to the same or less amount of protein that you ingest
.” —Luc van Loon
Does time-restricted eating increase the risk of cardiovascular death?
Why I don’t put any stock in a recent “study”
Optimizing protein quantity, distribution, and quality
Maximizing muscle protein synthesis is more than a matter of daily protein intake. How we distribute protein throughout the day matters, as does protein quality.
New insights on maximizing protein utilization for muscle protein synthesis
A new study adds nuance – rather than contradictions – to conventional wisdom on protein intake patterns for maximal anabolic response
1
2
3
…
7
Next »
Peter Attia is a physician focusing on the applied science of longevity.
Sign up for updates
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Content
Start Here
Articles
Newsletter
Podcast
Membership
Give a Gift Membership
Peter
About
Speaking Inquiries
Media Appearances
Contact
Egg Boxing
Understanding Longevity
Connect
Apple Podcasts
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
Copyright © 2012–2024 PA IP, LLC. All rights reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Do Not Share My Personal Information
×
Comments are welcomed and encouraged. The purpose of comments on our site is to expand knowledge, engage in thoughtful discussion, and learn more from readers.

Criticism and skepticism can be far more useful than praise and unflinching belief.

There’s an
art and science to critical thinking
and how to conduct yourself. There’s a
multitude of fallacious appeals
we could spell out, but a good rule of thumb is not to attack the person, attack the ideas. Don’t look for the flaws in the person, look for the flaws in the hypothesis. Let’s keep the brawling to
movies depicting minor league hockey teams
and political “news” shows.

Thank you for adding to the discussion.
Comment policy
Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:
Comments deemed to be spam or solely promotional in nature will be deleted. Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topic.
Comments including unnecessary profanity will be deleted.
Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted. Note this may include abusive, threatening, pornographic, offensive, misleading or libelous language.
Comments that attack an individual directly will be deleted.
Comments that harass other posters will be deleted. Please be respectful toward other contributors.
Anonymous comments will be deleted. We only accept comment from posters who identify themselves.
Comments requesting medical advice will not be responded to, as I am not legally permitted to practice medicine over the internet.
The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to the blog without notice. This comment policy is subject to change at any time.
×
Login
Username or E-mail
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Password
×
Introduction to My Longevity Tactics
Sign-up (free) to receive the
5 Tactics in my Longevity Toolkit
delivered by email as a 5-day course.
You’ll also receive:
Non-lame, weekly emails on the latest strategies and tactics for increasing your lifespan, healthspan, and well-being (plus new podcast announcements).
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
Pinterest icon
Google+ icon
YouTube icon
LinkedIn icon
Contact icon