Articles - Peter Attia
Start Here
Menu
Book
Podcast
Show Notes
Ask Me Anything (AMA) Episodes
The Qualys
Newsletter
Weekly Newsletter
Premium Articles
Topics
Exercise
Risks
Sleep
Nutrition
Heart Disease Prevention
Zone 2 Training
Insulin Resistance
High Blood Pressure
Body Composition & DEXA
View All Topics
About
Media Appearances
Speaking Inquiries
Disclosures
Early
Membership
Start Here
Login
Search for:
Search
Login
Medications & supplements
Failure of resveratrol to improve metabolic health is another nail in the coffin for the alleged “anti-aging” compound
A recent meta-analysis of randomized trials assessed the performance of resveratrol in improving various metrics of metabolic health
Mental & Emotional Health
Beyond the headlines: evaluating exercise as an equivalent to medication for the treatment of depression and anxiety
Popular media has circulated news of a study allegedly showing that exercise is preferable to medication as a treatment for anxiety and depression, but is this interpretation justified?
Understanding science
Research Worth Sharing, October 2024 Edition
Using biofeedback to reach weight loss goals, preventing falls with exercise, the impact of social support on stress eating, and an atlas of data on changes related to muscle aging
Longevity
Do humans age in distinct rapid bursts instead of gradually over time?
A recent study makes use of multi-omics data to establish patterns of human aging, but results have dubious relevance on an individual scale
Exercise
High-intensity interval training and cognitive function in older adults: promising but limited findings
A new study indicates that HIIT may help delay or even reverse age-related declines in memory and learning, but this exercise modality remains just one aspect of a well-balanced regimen.
Premium Articles
Cold therapy: the facts, the myths, and the how-to
Forms of cold therapy have been used for generations for a number of alleged health benefits, but which are supported by evidence?
Other tactics, tools, & treatments
Could plasma protein levels be a surrogate for VO2 max testing as a measure of cardiorespiratory fitness?
A proteomics model may provide an alternative method for estimating risk of mortality and chronic disease
Zone 2
Is zone 5 training okay to do immediately following zone 2 training?
This video clip is from #201 – Deep dive back into Zone 2 with Iñigo San-Millán, Ph.D., originally released on…
Exercise
A study suggesting that exercise does not impact mortality offers little more than click-bait
Challenges to long-held knowledge makes for attention-grabbing headlines, but not necessarily good science. Excuse me while I scream.
Longevity
Is interleukin-11 a promising new target for lifespan-extending interventions?
A recent study reports impressive results in male and female mice with anti-IL-11 therapy
1
2
3
…
50
Next »
Peter Attia is a physician focusing on the applied science of longevity.
Sign up for updates
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Content
Start Here
Articles
Newsletter
Podcast
Membership
Give a Gift Membership
Peter
About
Speaking Inquiries
Media Appearances
Contact
Egg Boxing
Understanding Longevity
Connect
Apple Podcasts
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
Copyright © 2012–2024 PA IP, LLC. All rights reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Do Not Share My Personal Information
×
Comments are welcomed and encouraged. The purpose of comments on our site is to expand knowledge, engage in thoughtful discussion, and learn more from readers.

Criticism and skepticism can be far more useful than praise and unflinching belief.

There’s an
art and science to critical thinking
and how to conduct yourself. There’s a
multitude of fallacious appeals
we could spell out, but a good rule of thumb is not to attack the person, attack the ideas. Don’t look for the flaws in the person, look for the flaws in the hypothesis. Let’s keep the brawling to
movies depicting minor league hockey teams
and political “news” shows.

Thank you for adding to the discussion.
Comment policy
Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:
Comments deemed to be spam or solely promotional in nature will be deleted. Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topic.
Comments including unnecessary profanity will be deleted.
Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted. Note this may include abusive, threatening, pornographic, offensive, misleading or libelous language.
Comments that attack an individual directly will be deleted.
Comments that harass other posters will be deleted. Please be respectful toward other contributors.
Anonymous comments will be deleted. We only accept comment from posters who identify themselves.
Comments requesting medical advice will not be responded to, as I am not legally permitted to practice medicine over the internet.
The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to the blog without notice. This comment policy is subject to change at any time.
×
Login
Username or E-mail
Password
Remember Me
Forgot Password
×
Introduction to My Longevity Tactics
Sign-up (free) to receive the
5 Tactics in my Longevity Toolkit
delivered by email as a 5-day course.
You’ll also receive:
Non-lame, weekly emails on the latest strategies and tactics for increasing your lifespan, healthspan, and well-being (plus new podcast announcements).
Email
*
Hidden
H-o-n-e-y-p-o-t
CAPTCHA
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Δ
Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
Pinterest icon
Google+ icon
YouTube icon
LinkedIn icon
Contact icon